# 7. Custom Scripting - Inline Scripts

Inline Scripts allow you to enhance the load test program with additional features. For example, you can use inline scripts to modify HTTP request data before transmitting a URL call or extract data fragments from HTTP responses into variables. The goal of Inline Scripts is to allow much of the functionality available to users via Load Test Plug-Ins in a simpler manner.

Common use cases for inline scripts include:

* printing additional information regarding script execution (for example, the loop number of a For loop which is executed via inline script)
* aborting the current executed loop of a user and triggering a Fatal URL error snapshot
*   adding a custom failure message to the ASM GUI via the “Error Log” found on the ZT Check Result page:\




Contact your TAM or [Support](mailto:support@apica.io) if you would like a demo on the full capabilities of inline scripting (including any of the above use cases). We will have a Professional Services team member review your use case and assist with implementation.

Inline Scripts are written in the ZebraTester-specific “ZT BASIC” programming language. The runtime behavior of Inline Scripts can be tested in advance, whereby the script environment is simulated based on the data of the recorded session.

A complete overview of ZT BASIC syntax and usage can be found within the Documentation subfolder of your local ZebraTester installation. The manual is not available via the KnowledgeBase as syntax can differ significantly between ZebraTester versions. In addition, you can access Inline Script functions by opening the Inline Script editor from within ZebraTester and pressing the ctrl + spacebar keys.
